My name is Evan Witous:

    Over this past summer I got a job in Atlanta teaching at a tech camp. It was pretty cool, because I got to teach a few different game development classes there.
    One of the classes was a VR game development class using Unity. It was VERY hard to teach, because of the time limitations, the lack of experience that the students
    had, and the requirements for the class were very ambitious. However, I loved every sleepless night at that place, because the people I worked with were great, and
    it was awesome to help kids pursue their passions. The end.

Ja'von Elliott - During this past summer I worked, Took care of my son, and spent two weeks at camp Atterburry for the national guard. 
I use to be a supervisor at Kohls and I enjoyed my job as well. In the military I am a field artillery specialst. I have been doing that for around 5 years. 
I just recently left my job to focus on my last year of school. 

Brenden Jones
This summer I worked as a IT and Project Intern for United Animal Health in Sheridan Indiana. My main 
responsabilities where to sit through different meetings with my boss and learn about all the projects 
the company was trying to finish. I was assignmed a few projects that where in the companies data warehouse and I 
used visual studio a lot to fix an application that was not working right. Once I was finished with my internship I 
worked part time making feed for the company i Interned with.

Alexandre Northouse:
    This last summer, I primarily just worked until the last couple weeks or so. It was an easy job, cashiering at Lowe’s, with the odd rough day or two due to holidays. Otherwise, in the last 2ish weeks of our summer break, I visited Kentucky Kingdom for that first weekend (of those two weeks) before then visiting my family in Michigan for the remainder of my freetime. That all said, I had to move onto campus a week early due to my night-desk job, so I also spent that week before classes began just playing games and hanging out around campus.
